feat: Add example for CopyWebpackPlugin (#6889)
quasarframework/quasar: docs/src/pages/quasar-cli/cli-documentation/handling-webpack.md

The two examples above are equivalent. Do NOT use both methods to tamper for the same thing!
:::

## Examples

### CopyWebpackPlugin

One of the most asked questions is how to copy independent files to the destination folder (ie: `dist/spa`).

> Below, uses the `CopyWebpackPluging` webpack plugin using `extendWebpack` to copy `robots.txt` to the build destination.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below, uses the `CopyWebpackPlugin` using `extendWebpack` to copy `robots.txt` to the build destination.
```

> First, add `copywebpackplugin` to your `package.json`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, add `CopyWebpackPlugin` to your `package.json`.
```

```js
yarn add -D copy-webpack-plugin
```

> At the top of `quasar.conf.js` add the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At the top of `quasar.conf.js` import it by adding the following:
```

```js
const CopyWebpackPlugin = require('copy-webpack-plugin')
```

In `quasar.conf.js` look for the `build` section. Add this:

```js
  extendWebpack (cfg) {
    cfg.plugins.push(new CopyWebpackPlugin([{ from: './robots.txt', to: '' }]))
  }
```

If you already have `extendWebpack (cfg)`, then just integrate the `cfg.plugins.push` part appropriately.

> Also note, the `to` parameter is empty. It already knows your destinatin path via webpack. This is the `root`. If you add a path, it will be based on the destination. You may have also noticed that the parameter to `CopyWebpackPlugin` is an array of objects. You can add multiple files here, one object for each file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also note, the `to` parameter is empty. It already knows your destination path via Webpack. This is the `root`. If you add a path, it will be based on the destination. You may have also noticed that the parameter to `CopyWebpackPlugin` is an array of objects. You can add multiple files here, one object for each file.
```
